---
layout: post
title: "Here's an example post"
---

Hello world, I heard you like Jekyll.

Then maybe you should consider this: if anything happens to them, Starfleet is going to want a full investigation. Did you come here for something in particular or just general Jekyll-bashing?

We have a saboteur aboard. Your head is not an artifact! Mr. Worf, you sound like a man who's asking his friend if he can start dating his sister. I'll alert the crew. Sure. You'd be surprised how far a hug goes with Geordi, or Worf. We finished our first sensor sweep of the neutral zone.

> Once, I was having lunch with the president of another movie studio, who told me that his biggest problem was not finding good people; it was finding good ideas. I remember being stunned when he said that—it seemed patently false to me, in part because I’d found the exact opposite to be true on Toy Story 2. I resolved to test whether what seemed a given to me was, in fact, a common belief. So for the next couple of years I made a habit, when giving talks, of posing the question to my audience: Which is more valuable, good ideas or good people? No matter whether I was talking to retired business executives or students, to high school principals or artists, when I asked for a show of hands, the audiences would be split 50-50. (Statisticians will tell you that when you get a perfect split like this, it doesn’t mean that half know the right answer—it means that they are all guessing, picking at random, as if flipping a coin.) People think so little about this that, in all these years, only one person in an audience has ever pointed out the false dichotomy. To me, the answer should be obvious: Ideas come from people.
>
> — Ed Catmull

### What if something were to happen to him?

Talk about going nowhere fast. Wouldn't that bring about chaos? Some days you get the bear, and some days the bear gets you. Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody. Earl Grey tea, watercress sandwiches... and Bularian canapés? Are you up for promotion?

I'm afraid I still don't understand, sir. I will obey your orders. I will serve this ship as First Officer. And in an attack against the Enterprise, I will die with this crew. But I will not break my oath of loyalty to Starfleet. This should be interesting. Now we know what they mean by 'advanced' tactical training.

This is not about revenge. This is about justice. Shields up! Rrrrred alert! I'd like to think that I haven't changed those things, sir. I think you've let your personal feelings cloud your judgement. I guess it's better to be lucky than good. And blowing into maximum warp speed, you appeared for an instant to be in two places at once.

Yes, absolutely, I do indeed concur, wholeheartedly! Could someone survive inside a transporter buffer for 75 years?
